hey welcome back to this week's report
you know this week's been kind of a
mixed bag as we get into June options
open up for anglers as far as how you
can fish different types of fishing
today we've doing a combo package where
we're pitching northland impulse
plastics along with rigging you know
June's just one of those months you can
fish a lot of different ways and catch a
lot of fish on different techniques
different tactics best month to fish
walleyes bar none
northland impulse plastics come in a
wide variety of styles whether it's jerk
shad or paddle tail today we're using
the paddle tails all of which work and
different applications out here whether
you're fishing the weeds the rocks I've
been catching fish on on all different
body styles but today we're just using
the paddle tails rigging them on a swim
jig head like a slurp swim jig head just
pitching them out ripping them back to
the boat that one cracked it there we go
not a bad while I there we go a bad fish
and that's the thing it's kind of the
perfect water temp right now you know
for pitching in a lot of areas of the
lake whether it's gravel bars rock piles
even the weed lines I tend to use a lot
of natural colors on the lacs lake like
the smoke color baby bass emerald
shiners a really good color out here as
well and then with these paddle tails I
like pitching them out letting them fall
and then just kind of ripping them back
to the boat and I love the way they
crack it you know it's really important
to use a braided line I like to use a
fluorocarbon leader that way there's no
stretch no stretch because a lot of
times they hit it on the fall
hey I tell you what if you want to have
a lot of fun pitching jigs pitching
plastics and seeing a walleye turn
really aggressive tie on the northland
impulse plastics and you start putting
more fish in the boat hey until next
week i'm tony roche and we'll see on the
water